_pages/about/members-and-advisors.md, before:

---
permalink: about/members-and-advisors/
title: "Members and Advisors"

board_members:
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jiahu-wang.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Jiahu Wang
    title: Dr. Jiahu Wang
    excerpt: President and Founder
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__jiahu-wang"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/john-lin.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. John Lin
    title: Dr. John Lin
    excerpt: President of Frontage Laboratories, Inc.
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__john-lin"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jim-de-wilde.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Jim de Wilde
    title: Dr. Jim de Wilde
    excerpt: Independent
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__jim-de-wilde"

advisors:
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/evan-steeg.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Evan Steeg
    title: Dr. Evan Steeg
    excerpt: 
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__evan-steeg"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/georg-roth.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Georg Roth
    title: Dr. Georg Roth
    excerpt: 
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__georg-roth"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/lance-wong.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Lance Wong
    title: Dr. Lance Wong
    excerpt: 
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__lance-wong"

modals:
  - id: jiahu-wang
    title: Dr. Jiahu Wang
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jiahu-wang.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Wang was a Postdoc from Cell Biology, University of Virginia. He received a PhD in Chemistry from Queens University.
      Dr. Jiahu Wang is the founder and President of Genvira Biosciences Inc.  

      Previously he was a cancer researcher at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute where he led a team which designed, constructed and produced customized viral products for academic collaborators and industrial partners.  Prior to that he spent 7 years working as Director, Novel Biotherapeutics at Jennerex Biotherapeutics in the U.S. Dr. Wang was a Postdoc from Cell Biology, University of Virginia. He received a PhD in Chemistry from Queens University.

  - id: john-lin
    title: Dr. John Lin
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/john-lin.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. John Lin is the Co-CEO of Frontage Laboratories, Inc. Before this, he served as the Executive Vice President, Bioanalytical and Biologics Services, where he led operations for the company’s global bioanalytical labs. Before joining Frontage, he served as a business leader in AstraZeneca’s global drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) division. Prior to AstraZeneca, Dr. Lin was Laboratory Director for Avantix Laboratories. Dr. Lin completed post-doctoral research in pharmacokinetics and metabolism at the College of Pharmacy and the Comprehensive Cancer Center of the Ohio State University. He earned a PhD in analytical chemistry from Dalhousie University in Canada.
  - id: jim-de-wilde
    title: Dr. Jim de Wilde
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jim-de-wilde.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Jim de Wilde (independent) is a career educator and venture capitalist, Dr. de Wilde has focused on global competitiveness and the commercialization of knowledge in both the private and public sectors. Dr. de Wilde was a member of the RBC Capital Markets Technology Fund Advisory Board and currently serves on the currently serves on the Investment Committee of iNovia Capital in Montreal and the Advisory Board of Enertech Capital in Toronto.  

      He has a PhD from McGill with a dissertation focusing on technology competitiveness.

  - id: evan-steeg
    title: Dr. Evan Steeg
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/evan-steeg.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Evan Steeg has over 20 years of experience and deep expertise in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning. Evan has successfully developed and commercialized AI-driven solutions for biopharma and other industries. He was a co-founder, President and CEO of Molecular Mining Co., a firm specializing in utilizing AI to streamline pharmaceutical processes. Evan has patented inventions in data mining, AI/ML and  bioinformatics.  He is well versed in technology commercialization and strategic foresight. Evan Steeg holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Toronto under the supervision of “Deep Learning” AI pioneer Prof. Geoffrey Hinton
  - id: georg-roth
    title: Dr. Georg Roth
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/georg-roth.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Georg Roth has over 30 years of experience in the biopharma industry. Until recently, Dr. Roth was the CTO of CG Oncology and held senior management positions at OncoMyx and KaliVir, in charge of product manufacturing. Prior to that he was the COO and SVP Technical Operations of Sillajen Biotherapeutics. Previously, he was VP at Jennerex Biotherapeutics. He also held positions at Dynavax, Berlex and Schering AG. He holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from Technical University Berlin, Germany
  - id: lance-wong
    title: Dr. Lance Wong
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/lance-wong.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Lance Wong has extensive experience in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry. Since 2019, Lance is the VP, Manufacturing at IMVAQ. Prior to this, he was the Managing Director at Strand Bio, where he acted as senior advisor or in executive roles for start-ups. Lance has worked at Bavarian Nordic, Inc. as the Director for CMC strategy, operational support for pre-BLA/-MAA. Lance also contributed to partnership deals with major pharmaceutical companies. Lance also worked at MedImmune/AstraZeneca, successfully managed regulatory filings and site inspections. Lance Wong holds a Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering from UCLA

---

## Board Members

{% include feature_row id="board_members" class="flex-row force-flex flex-justify-space-evenly" hx="h3" %}

## Advisors

{% include feature_row id="advisors" class="flex-row force-flex flex-justify-space-evenly" hx="h3" %}

Commit message:

🍱 (advisors): Add Dr. John Bell

_pages/about/members-and-advisors.md, after:

---
permalink: about/members-and-advisors/
title: "Members and Advisors"

board_members:
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jiahu-wang.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Jiahu Wang
    title: Dr. Jiahu Wang
    excerpt: President and Founder
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__jiahu-wang"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/john-lin.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. John Lin
    title: Dr. John Lin
    excerpt: President of Frontage Laboratories, Inc.
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__john-lin"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jim-de-wilde.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Jim de Wilde
    title: Dr. Jim de Wilde
    excerpt: Independent
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__jim-de-wilde"

advisors:
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/john-bell.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. John Bell
    title: Dr. John Bell
    excerpt:
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__john-bell"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/evan-steeg.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Evan Steeg
    title: Dr. Evan Steeg
    excerpt: 
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__evan-steeg"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/georg-roth.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Georg Roth
    title: Dr. Georg Roth
    excerpt: 
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__georg-roth"
  - image_path: /assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/lance-wong.jpg
    item_class: feature-row__square-image feature-row__medium-image
    alt: Portrait of Dr. Lance Wong
    title: Dr. Lance Wong
    excerpt: 
    url: ""
    btn_label: More
    btn_class: "modal-button__lance-wong"

modals:
  - id: jiahu-wang
    title: Dr. Jiahu Wang
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jiahu-wang.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Wang was a Postdoc from Cell Biology, University of Virginia. He received a PhD in Chemistry from Queens University.
      Dr. Jiahu Wang is the founder and President of Genvira Biosciences Inc.  

      Previously he was a cancer researcher at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute where he led a team which designed, constructed and produced customized viral products for academic collaborators and industrial partners.  Prior to that he spent 7 years working as Director, Novel Biotherapeutics at Jennerex Biotherapeutics in the U.S. Dr. Wang was a Postdoc from Cell Biology, University of Virginia. He received a PhD in Chemistry from Queens University.

  - id: john-lin
    title: Dr. John Lin
    content: >
      ![Dr. John Lin](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/john-lin.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. John Lin is the Co-CEO of Frontage Laboratories, Inc. Before this, he served as the Executive Vice President, Bioanalytical and Biologics Services, where he led operations for the company’s global bioanalytical labs. Before joining Frontage, he served as a business leader in AstraZeneca’s global drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) division. Prior to AstraZeneca, Dr. Lin was Laboratory Director for Avantix Laboratories. Dr. Lin completed post-doctoral research in pharmacokinetics and metabolism at the College of Pharmacy and the Comprehensive Cancer Center of the Ohio State University. He earned a PhD in analytical chemistry from Dalhousie University in Canada.
  - id: jim-de-wilde
    title: Dr. Jim de Wilde
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jim de Wilde](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/board/jim-de-wilde.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Jim de Wilde (independent) is a career educator and venture capitalist, Dr. de Wilde has focused on global competitiveness and the commercialization of knowledge in both the private and public sectors. Dr. de Wilde was a member of the RBC Capital Markets Technology Fund Advisory Board and currently serves on the currently serves on the Investment Committee of iNovia Capital in Montreal and the Advisory Board of Enertech Capital in Toronto.  

      He has a PhD from McGill with a dissertation focusing on technology competitiveness.

  - id: john-bell
    title: Dr. John Bell
    content: >
      ![Dr. Jiahu Wang](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/john-bell.jpg){: .align-center}
      John Bell is a world-renowned thought leader in cancer-fighting (oncolytic) virus research and development. He is a Senior Scientist at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute and Professor in the Departments of Medicine and Biochemistry, Microbiology & Immunology at the University of Ottawa. For more than twenty years, John and his team have been developing oncolytic viruses. He is a Co-founder of Turnstone Biologics, a San Diego company developing novel biotherapeutics to treat and cure patients with solid tumors. John is the Scientific Director of BioCanRx - Canada’s Immunotherapy Network - a not-for-profit organization working to accelerate the development of innovative immunotherapeutics, designed to save lives and enable a better quality of life for Canadian cancer patients. John was elected as a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 2013 and the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences in 2022. He serves on the Boards of Directors the Terry Fox Research Institute and the Biologics Manufacturing Centre. John holds Bachelor’s and Ph.D. degrees from McMaster University.
  - id: evan-steeg
    title: Dr. Evan Steeg
    content: >
      ![Dr. Evan Steeg](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/evan-steeg.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Evan Steeg has over 20 years of experience and deep expertise in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning. Evan has successfully developed and commercialized AI-driven solutions for biopharma and other industries. He was a co-founder, President and CEO of Molecular Mining Co., a firm specializing in utilizing AI to streamline pharmaceutical processes. Evan has patented inventions in data mining, AI/ML and  bioinformatics.  He is well versed in technology commercialization and strategic foresight. Evan Steeg holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Toronto under the supervision of “Deep Learning” AI pioneer Prof. Geoffrey Hinton
  - id: georg-roth
    title: Dr. Georg Roth
    content: >
      ![Dr. Georg Roth](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/georg-roth.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Georg Roth has over 30 years of experience in the biopharma industry. Until recently, Dr. Roth was the CTO of CG Oncology and held senior management positions at OncoMyx and KaliVir, in charge of product manufacturing. Prior to that he was the COO and SVP Technical Operations of Sillajen Biotherapeutics. Previously, he was VP at Jennerex Biotherapeutics. He also held positions at Dynavax, Berlex and Schering AG. He holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from Technical University Berlin, Germany
  - id: lance-wong
    title: Dr. Lance Wong
    content: >
      ![Dr. Lance Wong](/assets/images/members-and-advisors/advisors/lance-wong.jpg){: .align-center}
      Dr. Lance Wong has extensive experience in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry. Since 2019, Lance is the VP, Manufacturing at IMVAQ. Prior to this, he was the Managing Director at Strand Bio, where he acted as senior advisor or in executive roles for start-ups. Lance has worked at Bavarian Nordic, Inc. as the Director for CMC strategy, operational support for pre-BLA/-MAA. Lance also contributed to partnership deals with major pharmaceutical companies. Lance also worked at MedImmune/AstraZeneca, successfully managed regulatory filings and site inspections. Lance Wong holds a Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering from UCLA

---

## Board Members

{% include feature_row id="board_members" class="flex-row force-flex flex-justify-space-evenly" hx="h3" %}

## Advisors

{% include feature_row id="advisors" class="flex-row force-flex flex-justify-space-evenly" hx="h3" %}
