---
title: "adMare BioInnovations Welcomes Cohort VII of the Executive Institute, Strengthening Canada’s Life Sciences Leadership"
categories:
  - News
tags:
  - adMare
link: https://www.admarebio.com/en/news-details/admare-welcomes-cohort-vii-of-the-executive-institute

header:
  teaser: /assets/images/news/admare-announcement.png

excerpt: adMare BioInnovations (adMare) is pleased to welcome 18 life sciences leaders to Cohort VII of the adMare Academy’s Executive Institute, a custom-designed program building the skilled leadership needed to advance Canada’s life sciences ecosystem.
---

> **Vancouver (BC), Toronto (ON), and Montreal (QC) - December 5, 2024 --** adMare BioInnovations (adMare) is pleased to welcome 18 life sciences leaders to Cohort VII of the adMare Academy’s Executive Institute, a custom-designed program building the skilled leadership needed to advance Canada’s life sciences ecosystem.
>
> The program meets this need by cultivating executives with the strategic skills and vision needed to propel their organization forward. The curriculum is bolstered by key partners such as BIOTECanada and Bloom Burton & Co., who provide participants with access to exclusive industry events and invaluable networking opportunities.
>
> “As we welcome this new cohort, and connect them with program alumni, we are once again reminded of the essential role of collaboration and shared experiences in building strong leaders for the life sciences sector,” said Kristy Lonergan, Senior Director of the adMare Academy. “The participants of Cohort VII bring diverse backgrounds and are a remarkable addition to our community. We look forward to the impact they will have across the industry.”
>
> The members of Cohort VII of the Executive Institute are:
>
> - Shary Baig, Canadian Bioprocessing Leader, Solventum, formerly 3M Healthcare
> - Adam Brown, VP Business Development, 48Hour Discovery Inc.
> - Emma  Cummins, Executive Director, Biologics, Abdera Therapeutics
> - Amol Deshpande, Cofounder, PeerLabs.ai
> - Stephanie Gan, Director, Health Emergency Readiness Canada, Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada/Government of Canada
> - Jodi Garner, Chapter Lead, Health Data Strategy & Evidence Generation, Roche Canada
> - Philipe Gobeil, Co-Founder, President, CSO, 9Bio
> - Shenshen Lai, Director, Head of Discovery Biology, Borealis Biosciences
> - Glenn MacLean, Director, Technology and Venture Development, CCRM
> - Meredith McLaren, CEO, CGEn
> - Jessica Patterson, Head, Portfolio Innovation and Target Assessment, AbCellera
> - Kelly Pike, Senior Director, Head of Translational Sciences and Disease Strategy, Ventus Therapeutics
> - Desmond Pink, Chief Scientific Officer, Nanostics Inc
> - Darren  Ross, Senior Director, Product Management, Emergent BioSolutions
> - Erika Siren, CEO, SeraGene Therapeutics
> - Jeff Smirle, Executive Director, Capital BioVentures
> - Jiahu Wang, President, Genvira Biosciences Inc.
> - Lisa Wise-Milestone, Strategic Lead, Pandemic Preparedness Initiative, Moderna Biopharma
> - adMare recognizes diversity as a cornerstone of Canada’s strength and is dedicated to using adMare Academy programs to close the gender gap in leadership positions and open doors for underrepresented groups. Notably, 50% of participants of this cohort identify as women.
>
> The participants join a powerful network of life sciences leaders representing a growing pool of Canadian leaders, dedicated to driving the industry forward. The six previous cohorts have trained 112 leaders from more than 106 companies across Canada.
>
> Looking ahead, adMare remains committed to building a robust leadership foundation for Canadian life sciences. With Cohort VII now joining the Executive Institute, we are optimistic about the impact these leaders will have on advancing therapeutic innovation and solidifying Canada’s position on the global stage.

